The Joe Rogan experience. She cracks me up. We beginning of the pandemic,
she hits very beginning of the pandemic. She hits me up. She goes, Hey,
we're doing this comedy gives back thing and I'm interviewing Adam Sandler,
or you're an Adam Sandler fan. Right. And I go love Adam Sandler.
I love Adam Sandler. She goes, Hey, so I'm gonna interview him. But like,
I know you're a fan. So I thought maybe I'd invite you over.
Maybe come in crash. The, the thing, oh, I saw.
That. <laugh>.
You? I that up. So bad. Shut the whole thing up. I that up so.
Badly. Oh. And Adam, Sam was like, what, what, what question did you ask him?
That was like, first of all, I didn't ask him any questions. I told him,
you know, me, I told him a bunch of stories about me and he was like, I, Adam,
you wanna hear a great story? And he is like, ah, sure, sure. And I was like,
uh, so anyway, um, when you were in college, when I was in college,
I was at Florida state and you came and formed and, and he's just like,
I don't know where this going. And I go, you came forward to Florida,
Florida state. And this girl I was dating was like,
ended up hanging up with you.
And then they ended up smoking pot with you and Alan covert. And then,
and then I, I didn't go. But, and that was, that was me though. And he was like,
ah, cool, cool.
And this is all zoom, right? This is.
Zoom. There's no editing.
Also. You're not in the room with 'em it's.
There's a delay. It's and Whitney and I have a tape measure.
So we're six feet apart cuz it's COVID and then, and I, so I'm swinging,
I'm swinging in like a boom mic coming in, going, Hey, Adam, Adam, uh,
this is so bad. I don't even, I can't even see it because I look at the.
Tape measure, Whitney, a tape man, before Whitney started taping her,
coloring her hair, random woke colors.
And then I didn't even realize it was bad. Right.
I didn't even realize it was of course, Joe,
you know that I promoted my special. Right. You know that I went, of course.
And I, but I said to him, I go, do you have Netflix?
Here's 200 million deal at Netflix.
The first I get off the phone J big Jerson calls me <laugh> and he goes,
I just wanna give you a heads up. We just totally trashed you. And I was like,
what? He goes, we were up after you.
And we were mocking that we were in the waiting room watching it. And I go,
what do you mean? Mock mocked, me, Jay. And he goes, are you being serious?
I thought that interview went great. <laugh> thought it was,
I thought it was like, perfect. And he goes, were you drunk? No, no. I,
I think it was sober. That's why that's big. Jay goes Burt. Uh,
you asked Adam Sandler if he had Netflix. I said, yeah,
cuz my special's on Netflix. And he goes, Burt,
he has a $200 million deal at Netflix. He definitely has Netflix.
And then he goes, and then you called his movie, happy Madison. It's happy,
Billy Madison. He goes, and then you called his movie, precious gems. I go,
it's not precious gems. And then I start melting down and I'm like, oh my God,
I really this up. Yeah, that was uh, that was a, uh,
colossal and the, but God bless David spade that.
Uncut gems movies fantastic. Yeah. I called.
It precious gems. Yeah.
You, you wanna find out who Adam Sandler really is or what he's capable of?
God uncut gems. That is one, two hour or whatever.
However long the movie is panic attack. I gotta.
See it. I haven't seen it. You haven't seen it.
Holy. Bird. It's so good. Watch the entire episode for free.
Only on Spotify.